our prompts. Okay, we're
very close to the
edge here. And you
can see where this
goes for you, right?
It's auto documenting itself
improving. Let's go ahead
and continue this workflow.
You can see here
our spec got created,
you know, we have
a great spec here
detailing exactly how this
works. Feel free to
pause at any point.
And I'll go ahead
and just commit this
work with the elite
context engineering codebase
so that this feature
will be built out
will be logging this
structure by the time
you get your hands
on this. All right,
I'm going to copy
the reference to this,
I'm going to a
Of course, I'm not
gonna use this existing
context window if we